de/personio/status/index.md, before:

Personio Statuspage Status

[](https://www.personio.de/)

[Subscribe to UpdatesSubscribe](https://status.personio.de/#)

[](https://status.personio.de/#updates-dropdown-support)  x

 Visit our [support site](https://support.personio.de/hc/en-us).

 All Systems Operational
----------

 Overall System availability ?  Operational

 Core Platform  Operational

 Public API ?  Operational

 Support & Help ?  Operational

 Analytics ?  Operational

 Company Configuration ?  Operational

 Documents & E-Signatures ?  Operational

 Employee & Organization Management ?  Operational

 Home & Inbox ?  Operational

 Personio built Integrations & Marketplace ?  Operational

 Login & Authentication ?  Operational

 Mobile App ?  Operational

 Salary Management ?  Operational

 Time Management (Time Tracking, Time-off, Overtime) ?  Operational

 Workflows & Automations ?  Operational

 Apps  Operational

 Conversations ?  Operational

 Compensation Management ?  Operational

 Performance & Development ?  Operational

 Recruiting ?  Operational

 Surveys ?  Operational

 Whistleblowing ?  Operational

 Employer of Record (powered by Remote.com) ?  Operational

 Payroll  Operational

 Personio Payroll DE ?  Operational

 Preliminary Payroll (and file export integrations) ?  Operational

 Datev Integration ?  Operational

 Xero Integration ?  Operational

 A3 Integration ?  Operational

 Loket Integration ?  Operational

 Tax Advisor Platform ?  Operational

 Third-Party Services (Monitored Dependencies)  Operational

 Mailjet ?  Operational

 Operational

 Degraded Performance

 Partial Outage

 Major Outage

 Maintenance

Past Incidents
----------

Jan 28, 2026

No incidents reported today.

Jan 27, 2026

No incidents reported.

Jan 26, 2026

[Partial service disruption](https://status.personio.de/incidents/2bg0nsqj6zsf)

**Resolved** - The implemented fix is working as expected and the issue is fully resolved. We apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused. Thanks for your understanding!
 Jan 26, 17:51 CET

**Monitoring** - A fix has been implemented. Our engineers are monitoring the systems to ensure the issues is fully resolved.
 Jan 26, 17:13 CET

**Investigating** - We are currently experiencing some issues with the marketplace. The following features are affected:
\- Searching for integrations
\- Connecting integrations
\- Creating API credentials
\- Managing integrations / API credentials

Please be aware that the remaining system is stable and running according to expectations. Our engineering teams are already working on a solution.

We will keep you posted with the latest information on this page and apologize for the inconveniences.
 Jan 26, 16:21 CET

Jan 25, 2026

No incidents reported.

Jan 24, 2026

No incidents reported.

Jan 23, 2026

No incidents reported.

Jan 22, 2026

No incidents reported.

Jan 21, 2026

[Partial service disruption](https://status.personio.de/incidents/pnfgy730h3px)

**Resolved** - This incident has been resolved.
 Jan 21, 17:39 CET

**Monitoring** - We are monitoring the situation.
 Jan 21, 13:11 CET

**Investigating** - We are currently experiencing some issues with the preliminary payroll. The following features can be affected for some customers:
\- salary tab
\- salary attributes

Please be aware that the remaining system is stable and running according to expectations. Our engineering teams are already working on a solution.

We will keep you posted with the latest information on this page and apologize for the inconveniences.
 Jan 21, 12:18 CET

[Partial service disruption](https://status.personio.de/incidents/j0lmd9f4x1tv)

**Resolved** - The implemented fix is working as expected and the issue is fully resolved. We apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused. Thanks for your understanding!
 Jan 21, 17:02 CET

**Monitoring** - A fix has been implemented. Our engineers are monitoring the systems to ensure the issues is fully resolved.
 Jan 21, 15:29 CET

**Investigating** - We are currently experiencing some issues with the Planning module:
\- The Positions Planning functionality is currently not working as expected and might not be available

Please be aware that the remaining system is stable and running according to expectations. Our engineering teams are already working on a solution.

We will keep you posted with the latest information on this page and apologize for the inconveniences.
 Jan 21, 15:16 CET

[Partial service disruption](https://status.personio.de/incidents/1ln26wgvc66g)

**Resolved** - The implemented fix is working as expected and the issue is fully resolved. We apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused. Thanks for your understanding!
 Jan 21, 13:37 CET

**Monitoring** - A fix has been implemented. Our engineers are monitoring the systems to ensure the issues is fully resolved.
 Jan 21, 11:54 CET

**Investigating** - We are currently experiencing some issues with our Time Management module. The following features are affected:
\- Target hours on the timesheet may be showing incorrectly
\- Overtime may not be calculated correctly

Please be aware that the remaining system is stable and running according to expectations. Our engineering teams are already working on a solution.

We will keep you posted with the latest information on this page and apologize for the inconveniences.
 Jan 21, 11:33 CET

[Scheduled Maintenance](https://status.personio.de/incidents/73rz66s45139)

**Completed** - The scheduled maintenance has been completed.
 Jan 21, 00:00 CET

**In progress** - Scheduled maintenance is currently in progress. We will provide updates as necessary.
 Jan 20, 22:00 CET

**Scheduled** - To maintain a high quality of service, we are regularly conducting maintenance on the system, to ensure the stability of our tool and perform upgrades.

Please note that our Engineering team will carry out regular scheduled maintenance every Tuesday nights, from 10pm to 12am (Europe/Berlin timezone).

During this window of time, Personio may be slower than usual, and partially unavailable for some minutes. This effect is temporary. We appreciate your patience and understanding.

For more information please visit: <https://support.personio.de/hc/en-us/articles/360017791338>
 Jan 20, 18:12 CET

Jan 20, 2026

Jan 19, 2026

[Partial service disruption](https://status.personio.de/incidents/y43m79vc26lr)

**Resolved** - This incident has been resolved.
 Jan 19, 14:39 CET

**Identified** - We are currently experiencing some issues with requesting eSignatures. The affected actions are:
\- requesting signatures
\- signing a document in Personio
\- downloading audit trail

Please be aware that the remaining system is stable and running according to expectations. Our engineering teams are already working on a solution.

We will keep you posted with the latest information on this page and apologize for the inconveniences.
 Jan 19, 11:10 CET

Jan 18, 2026

No incidents reported.

Jan 17, 2026

No incidents reported.

Jan 16, 2026

No incidents reported.

Jan 15, 2026

No incidents reported.

Jan 14, 2026

[Scheduled Maintenance](https://status.personio.de/incidents/xdpzpzv66ygk)

**Completed** - The scheduled maintenance has been completed.
 Jan 14, 00:00 CET

**In progress** - Scheduled maintenance is currently in progress. We will provide updates as necessary.
 Jan 13, 22:00 CET

**Scheduled** - To maintain a high quality of service, we are regularly conducting maintenance on the system, to ensure the stability of our tool and perform upgrades.

Please note that our Engineering team will carry out regular scheduled maintenance every Tuesday nights, from 10pm to 12am (Europe/Berlin timezone).

During this window of time, Personio may be slower than usual, and partially unavailable for some minutes. This effect is temporary. We appreciate your patience and understanding.

For more information please visit: <https://support.personio.de/hc/en-us/articles/360017791338>
 Jan 13, 16:12 CET

[← Incident History](https://status.personio.de/history) [Powered by Atlassian Statuspage](https://www.atlassian.com/software/statuspage?utm_campaign=status.personio.de&utm_content=SP-notifications&utm_medium=powered-by&utm_source=inapp)

[Imprint](https://www.personio.de/impressum/) | [Data Privacy Statement](https://www.personio.de/datenschutzerklaerung/)

Commit message:

🌐👀 stalked 4 website changes
- https://eu.ugreen.com/collections/usb-c-cables?sort_by=created-descending
- https://karriere.wetter.com/jobs
- https://status.personio.de/
- https://www.evehome.com/en/matter

de/personio/status/index.md, after:

Personio Statuspage Status

[](https://www.personio.de/)

[Subscribe to UpdatesSubscribe](https://status.personio.de/#)

[](https://status.personio.de/#updates-dropdown-support)  x

 Visit our [support site](https://support.personio.de/hc/en-us).

[Partial service disruption](https://status.personio.de/incidents/pdscpcgnbtg5)

**Identified** - The Prepay product and the Employee Profile History tab have a low-impact degradation in displaying recent changes. A minority of creations and deletions of fixed and hourly salaries made since January 24 are not currently displayed in the changes log. The changes were successfully saved and it is only their display in the log that is affected. We are fixing this display issue for the affected minority of customers. Until then, you may use the workaround of looking at the latest data of individual employees in the Employee Profile → Salary tab.

Please be aware that the remaining system is stable and running according to expectations. Our engineering teams are already working on a solution.

We will keep you posted with the latest information on this page and apologize for the inconveniences.
Jan 28, 2026 - 12:07 CET

[×](https://status.personio.de/#)

####  Subscribe to Incident  ####

 Subscribe to updates for **Partial service disruption** via . You'll receive .

Subscribe to Incident

 Overall System availability ?  Operational

 Core Platform  Operational

 Public API ?  Operational

 Support & Help ?  Operational

 Analytics ?  Operational

 Company Configuration ?  Operational

 Documents & E-Signatures ?  Operational

 Employee & Organization Management ?  Operational

 Home & Inbox ?  Operational

 Personio built Integrations & Marketplace ?  Operational

 Login & Authentication ?  Operational

 Mobile App ?  Operational

 Salary Management ?  Operational

 Time Management (Time Tracking, Time-off, Overtime) ?  Operational

 Workflows & Automations ?  Operational

 Apps  Operational

 Conversations ?  Operational

 Compensation Management ?  Operational

 Performance & Development ?  Operational

 Recruiting ?  Operational

 Surveys ?  Operational

 Whistleblowing ?  Operational

 Employer of Record (powered by Remote.com) ?  Operational

 Payroll  Degraded Performance

 Personio Payroll DE ?  Operational

 Preliminary Payroll (and file export integrations) ?  Degraded Performance

 Datev Integration ?  Operational

 Xero Integration ?  Operational

 A3 Integration ?  Operational

 Loket Integration ?  Operational

 Tax Advisor Platform ?  Operational

 Third-Party Services (Monitored Dependencies)  Operational

 Mailjet ?  Operational

 Operational

 Degraded Performance

 Partial Outage

 Major Outage

 Maintenance

Past Incidents
----------

Jan 28, 2026

Unresolved incident: Partial service disruption.

Jan 27, 2026

No incidents reported.

Jan 26, 2026

[Partial service disruption](https://status.personio.de/incidents/2bg0nsqj6zsf)

**Resolved** - The implemented fix is working as expected and the issue is fully resolved. We apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused. Thanks for your understanding!
 Jan 26, 17:51 CET

**Monitoring** - A fix has been implemented. Our engineers are monitoring the systems to ensure the issues is fully resolved.
 Jan 26, 17:13 CET

**Investigating** - We are currently experiencing some issues with the marketplace. The following features are affected:
\- Searching for integrations
\- Connecting integrations
\- Creating API credentials
\- Managing integrations / API credentials

Please be aware that the remaining system is stable and running according to expectations. Our engineering teams are already working on a solution.

We will keep you posted with the latest information on this page and apologize for the inconveniences.
 Jan 26, 16:21 CET

Jan 25, 2026

No incidents reported.

Jan 24, 2026

No incidents reported.

Jan 23, 2026

No incidents reported.

Jan 22, 2026

No incidents reported.

Jan 21, 2026

[Partial service disruption](https://status.personio.de/incidents/pnfgy730h3px)

**Resolved** - This incident has been resolved.
 Jan 21, 17:39 CET

**Monitoring** - We are monitoring the situation.
 Jan 21, 13:11 CET

**Investigating** - We are currently experiencing some issues with the preliminary payroll. The following features can be affected for some customers:
\- salary tab
\- salary attributes

Please be aware that the remaining system is stable and running according to expectations. Our engineering teams are already working on a solution.

We will keep you posted with the latest information on this page and apologize for the inconveniences.
 Jan 21, 12:18 CET

[Partial service disruption](https://status.personio.de/incidents/j0lmd9f4x1tv)

**Resolved** - The implemented fix is working as expected and the issue is fully resolved. We apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused. Thanks for your understanding!
 Jan 21, 17:02 CET

**Monitoring** - A fix has been implemented. Our engineers are monitoring the systems to ensure the issues is fully resolved.
 Jan 21, 15:29 CET

**Investigating** - We are currently experiencing some issues with the Planning module:
\- The Positions Planning functionality is currently not working as expected and might not be available

Please be aware that the remaining system is stable and running according to expectations. Our engineering teams are already working on a solution.

We will keep you posted with the latest information on this page and apologize for the inconveniences.
 Jan 21, 15:16 CET

[Partial service disruption](https://status.personio.de/incidents/1ln26wgvc66g)

**Resolved** - The implemented fix is working as expected and the issue is fully resolved. We apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused. Thanks for your understanding!
 Jan 21, 13:37 CET

**Monitoring** - A fix has been implemented. Our engineers are monitoring the systems to ensure the issues is fully resolved.
 Jan 21, 11:54 CET

**Investigating** - We are currently experiencing some issues with our Time Management module. The following features are affected:
\- Target hours on the timesheet may be showing incorrectly
\- Overtime may not be calculated correctly

Please be aware that the remaining system is stable and running according to expectations. Our engineering teams are already working on a solution.

We will keep you posted with the latest information on this page and apologize for the inconveniences.
 Jan 21, 11:33 CET

[Scheduled Maintenance](https://status.personio.de/incidents/73rz66s45139)

**Completed** - The scheduled maintenance has been completed.
 Jan 21, 00:00 CET

**In progress** - Scheduled maintenance is currently in progress. We will provide updates as necessary.
 Jan 20, 22:00 CET

**Scheduled** - To maintain a high quality of service, we are regularly conducting maintenance on the system, to ensure the stability of our tool and perform upgrades.

Please note that our Engineering team will carry out regular scheduled maintenance every Tuesday nights, from 10pm to 12am (Europe/Berlin timezone).

During this window of time, Personio may be slower than usual, and partially unavailable for some minutes. This effect is temporary. We appreciate your patience and understanding.

For more information please visit: <https://support.personio.de/hc/en-us/articles/360017791338>
 Jan 20, 18:12 CET

Jan 20, 2026

Jan 19, 2026

[Partial service disruption](https://status.personio.de/incidents/y43m79vc26lr)

**Resolved** - This incident has been resolved.
 Jan 19, 14:39 CET

**Identified** - We are currently experiencing some issues with requesting eSignatures. The affected actions are:
\- requesting signatures
\- signing a document in Personio
\- downloading audit trail

Please be aware that the remaining system is stable and running according to expectations. Our engineering teams are already working on a solution.

We will keep you posted with the latest information on this page and apologize for the inconveniences.
 Jan 19, 11:10 CET

Jan 18, 2026

No incidents reported.

Jan 17, 2026

No incidents reported.

Jan 16, 2026

No incidents reported.

Jan 15, 2026

No incidents reported.

Jan 14, 2026

[Scheduled Maintenance](https://status.personio.de/incidents/xdpzpzv66ygk)

**Completed** - The scheduled maintenance has been completed.
 Jan 14, 00:00 CET

**In progress** - Scheduled maintenance is currently in progress. We will provide updates as necessary.
 Jan 13, 22:00 CET

**Scheduled** - To maintain a high quality of service, we are regularly conducting maintenance on the system, to ensure the stability of our tool and perform upgrades.

Please note that our Engineering team will carry out regular scheduled maintenance every Tuesday nights, from 10pm to 12am (Europe/Berlin timezone).

During this window of time, Personio may be slower than usual, and partially unavailable for some minutes. This effect is temporary. We appreciate your patience and understanding.

For more information please visit: <https://support.personio.de/hc/en-us/articles/360017791338>
 Jan 13, 16:12 CET

[← Incident History](https://status.personio.de/history) [Powered by Atlassian Statuspage](https://www.atlassian.com/software/statuspage?utm_campaign=status.personio.de&utm_content=SP-notifications&utm_medium=powered-by&utm_source=inapp)

[Imprint](https://www.personio.de/impressum/) | [Data Privacy Statement](https://www.personio.de/datenschutzerklaerung/)
